parse file test.s
lineNum = 68
variable name = num, index = 0, val = 45
function-index = 0, max
label-index = 0, .BB0
function-index = 1, main
label-index = 1, .BB1
read file over2
deal with func:max
deal with func:max
deal with instr:pushl
deal with instr:pushl
deal with instr:pushl
deal with instr:pushl
deal with instr:movl
deal with instr:subl
deal with label:.BB0
deal with instr:movl
deal with instr:movl
deal with instr:movl
deal with instr:addl
deal with instr:movl
oprandLexeme = num
deal with instr:movl
oprandLexeme = num
deal with instr:movl
deal with instr:popl
deal with instr:popl
deal with instr:popl
deal with instr:popl
deal with instr:ret
deal with func:main
deal with func:main
deal with instr:pushl
deal with instr:pushl
deal with instr:pushl
deal with instr:pushl
deal with instr:movl
deal with instr:subl
deal with label:.BB1
deal with instr:movl
oprandLexeme = num
deal with instr:movl
deal with instr:movl
deal with instr:pushl
deal with instr:pushl
deal with instr:call
deal with instr:addl
deal with instr:movl
deal with instr:movl
oprandLexeme = num
deal with instr:movl
deal with instr:movl
deal with instr:subl
deal with instr:movl
deal with instr:movl
deal with instr:addl
deal with instr:movl
deal with instr:movl
deal with instr:movl
deal with instr:popl
deal with instr:popl
deal with instr:popl
deal with instr:popl
deal with instr:ret
read file over2
the second loop is over
instr count = 47
the third loop start
no string
variableName = num, variableValue = 45, dataType = .long, address = 0
size1 = 4
variableNum = 1
address = 4
